TOWER OF HANOI.md, before:

# Exp.No:35  
## TOWER OF HANOI

---

### AIM  
To write a Python program to implement **Tower of Hanoi** and display all the moves of the disks using a recursive function.  
Consider the names of the tower pegs as A, B, C. Get the number of disks value from the user.

---

### ALGORITHM  

1. **Start the program.**
2. **Input** the number of disks `n`.
3. **Print** the number of disks.
4. Define a **recursive function** `TowerOfHanoi(n, source, destination, auxiliary)`:
   - If `n == 1`:
     - Print: "Move disk from source to destination".
   - Else:
     - Call `TowerOfHanoi(n - 1, source, auxiliary, destination)`  
       → Move `n-1` disks from source to auxiliary using destination as helper.
     - Print: "Move disk from source to destination"  
       → Move the largest disk to the destination.
     - Call `TowerOfHanoi(n - 1, auxiliary, destination, source)`  
       → Move `n-1` disks from auxiliary to destination using source as helper.
5. Call `TowerOfHanoi(n, 'A', 'C', 'B')` to start the process.
6. **End the program.**

---

### PROGRAM  

```


```

### OUTPUT



### RESULT

Commit message:

Include Python code for Tower of Hanoi
Added Python implementation for Tower of Hanoi.

TOWER OF HANOI.md, after:

# Exp.No:35  
## TOWER OF HANOI

---

### AIM  
To write a Python program to implement **Tower of Hanoi** and display all the moves of the disks using a recursive function.  
Consider the names of the tower pegs as A, B, C. Get the number of disks value from the user.

---

### ALGORITHM  

1. **Start the program.**
2. **Input** the number of disks `n`.
3. **Print** the number of disks.
4. Define a **recursive function** `TowerOfHanoi(n, source, destination, auxiliary)`:
   - If `n == 1`:
     - Print: "Move disk from source to destination".
   - Else:
     - Call `TowerOfHanoi(n - 1, source, auxiliary, destination)`  
       → Move `n-1` disks from source to auxiliary using destination as helper.
     - Print: "Move disk from source to destination"  
       → Move the largest disk to the destination.
     - Call `TowerOfHanoi(n - 1, auxiliary, destination, source)`  
       → Move `n-1` disks from auxiliary to destination using source as helper.
5. Call `TowerOfHanoi(n, 'A', 'C', 'B')` to start the process.
6. **End the program.**

---

### PROGRAM  

```python

def TowerOfHanoi(n , source, destination, auxiliary):
    if(n>0):
        TowerOfHanoi(n-1,source,auxiliary,destination)
        print("Move disk from",source,"to",destination)
        TowerOfHanoi(n-1,auxiliary,destination,source)
n=int(input())
print("No. of disks =",n)

```

### OUTPUT

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3b944d8-67b7-4631-9310-c9f6193526be)


### RESULT

Thus the program to implement **Tower of Hanoi** has been implemented and executed successfully.
